Updated release notes for 10.5 (#7762)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: CHANGELOG.md

<!--
Contains editorialized release notes. Raw release notes should go into `RELEASE-NOTES.txt`.
-->
## 10.5

> This release includes a lot of exciting features! It's now possible to duplicate a product from the app. Just tap on the More Menu available inside the Product detail screen. We have also added a new stats widget so now you can view you current days stats without opening the app. Lastly, due to popular demand, we're bringing back the ability to add/edit customer notes and addresses from the main order screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes a lot of exciting features! It's now possible to duplicate a product from the app. Just tap on the More Menu available inside the Product detail screen. We have also added a new stats widget so now you can view your current day's stats without opening the app. Lastly, due to popular demand, we're bringing back the ability to add/edit customer notes and addresses from the main order screen. 
```
